male has a really good-looking
made females go crazy over
Lions actually have to be in
really good physical condition
to produce that dark hair on the
main and males that are not
quite so healthy produce a
blonde irme
so the black man is actually
indicated that this male is
prime genetic material
yeah
and this really translates into
something that's really
important for the females
because she'll get really good
quality offspring by inheriting
the bigger that's displayed by
her mate
but it's also a stain pal have
higher levels of testosterone
the male hormone is more
aggressive
he's gonna be able to stick
around successfully protect her
your babies and that means the
end up having more surviving
offspring
so the female lion is preferring
a male is going to be the better
more successful father
watch this there madam is the
amount of bread that you of
course to disappear every week
big corporations have invested
billions of dollars into working
out how to trigger that
evolutionary impulse to take and
take more